Pastor Brent McQuay: Foreign. Welcome to another episode of Between
Pastor Brent McQuay: Sermons. I'm laughing because we are already
Pastor Brent McQuay: having so much fun today, and it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just gonna. I am having a blast.
Pastor Brent McQuay: This has been a great morning. I.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think maybe I'm a little overtired,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and it's just coming out as, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: no filter. And which means this is
Pastor Brent McQuay: gonna be a great podcast. It's gonna
Pastor Brent McQuay: be a great up when. When I
Pastor Brent McQuay: lose my ability to filter thoughts. This
Pastor Brent McQuay: is fantastic. But here we are in
Pastor Brent McQuay: Between Sermons, where we are continuing our
Pastor Brent McQuay: conversation from Sunday, which is always a
Pastor Brent McQuay: lot of fun. It's kind of like
Pastor Brent McQuay: we get to turn that monologue into
Pastor Brent McQuay: real dialogue, actually turn this into a
Pastor Brent McQuay: small group discussion like you might be
Pastor Brent McQuay: having. Having Having, like you might be
Pastor Brent McQuay: happening.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: This is gonna be a long day.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's gonna be awesome. But, you know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's kind of like the thing that
Pastor Brent McQuay: you would do in a small group
Pastor Brent McQuay: during the week, just kind of sitting
Pastor Brent McQuay: around a table with some friends talking
Pastor Brent McQuay: about the sermon and what it was
Pastor Brent McQuay: impacted you and how you process it
Pastor Brent McQuay: and how you're going to apply it
Pastor Brent McQuay: in your life. And so we're going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to try and do that today, dig
Pastor Brent McQuay: a little bit deeper. And in order
Pastor Brent McQuay: to have that conversation, I can't just
Pastor Brent McQuay: talk at a camera. I need to
Pastor Brent McQuay: hang out with some friends. And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: I got two great friends with me
Pastor Brent McQuay: today.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I love that. You should make that
Ti'heasha Beasley: a part of your.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Anytime you tell me I should do
Pastor Brent McQuay: something, guaranteed it's not going to happen.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Not out of protest or rebellion, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: just out of. I will not remember.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That is insane.
Marcus Ivy: I have two great friends.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I have two great friends.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Two great friends.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Such a.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You know, if. If you, like, put
Pastor Brent McQuay: it on the wall behind the camera,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I might remember to say it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That would be a nice picture. Decor.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I have two great friends.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I have two great friends. Only two.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Only two.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And one of them usually lasts a
Pastor Brent McQuay: week or so. Taisha, that means you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: my only real friend.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That is sad. If I'm. Because you
Ti'heasha Beasley: treat me like crap.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What? Okay, I feel like you gotta.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You gotta roll that one back, because
Pastor Brent McQuay: people are gonna be like, pastor treats
Pastor Brent McQuay: his friends. No, friends, staff. And I
Pastor Brent McQuay: feel.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Maybe that's why I feel so comfortable
Ti'heasha Beasley: with you. I'm sorry. You do not
Ti'heasha Beasley: treat me like crap.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's all good.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You greatly disciple me as my leader.
Marcus Ivy: Good cleanup. Nice cleanup.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No, no. It might be something said
Pastor Brent McQuay: about the fact that my. My closest
Pastor Brent McQuay: friend is paid to be my friend.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Exactly.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Oh, people, we need Jesus.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Every time I try to come here
Ti'heasha Beasley: and be Serious. This always happens. So
Ti'heasha Beasley: we. This is a for real, true,
Ti'heasha Beasley: small group space because we get to
Ti'heasha Beasley: be ourselves. And yeah. We have Marcus
Ti'heasha Beasley: Ivy joining us today in this conversation.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Are you excited to be here?
Marcus Ivy: Yes, very much so. Always.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You are?
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay. Why are you excited today? Specifically
Ti'heasha Beasley: today?
Marcus Ivy: Seems like it's going to be spicy.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Are you saying that because. Wow, there's.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You're saying that because I have one
Ti'heasha Beasley: of the leopards today.
Marcus Ivy: No, see, you brought that. You brought
Marcus Ivy: that up.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You were saying how you and Pastor
Ti'heasha Beasley: Britt were more dressed alike.
Marcus Ivy: Oh, he said that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I said, we're in sync. We just
Pastor Brent McQuay: have the light versus dark thing happening.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I did that in reverse.
Marcus Ivy: But you said you. And then I
Marcus Ivy: said, yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You tried to claim that you admit
Pastor Brent McQuay: this is maybe a good poll for.
Pastor Brent McQuay: For the people in the chat. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: are you more coordinated with Marcus or
Pastor Brent McQuay: am I more coordinated with Marcus? Yes,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I claim I am because we're both
Pastor Brent McQuay: in hoodies. Comfortable. Look like we want
Pastor Brent McQuay: to just hang out and chill.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm comfortable. I have on jeans.
Marcus Ivy: You got on jeans.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay. Anyways, we're not gonna Harper there.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We're not gonna stay there. But no,
Ti'heasha Beasley: we started a brand new sermon series,
Ti'heasha Beasley: and I. I'm gonna tell you, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: brought my notes today, and I typically
Ti'heasha Beasley: do not bring my notes on between
Ti'heasha Beasley: sermons. I like to be in the
Ti'heasha Beasley: moment, but I feel like this will
Ti'heasha Beasley: be a real conversation about that message,
Ti'heasha Beasley: because it was. Now. The message was
Ti'heasha Beasley: spicy. Can you say that? That's probably.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I would say, like, in. In the
Pastor Brent McQuay: grand scheme of the it. It might
Pastor Brent McQuay: have been one of the more controversial
Pastor Brent McQuay: or like, in your face kind of.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Kind of messages that we've done in
Pastor Brent McQuay: a while. Not that we ever really
Pastor Brent McQuay: back away from those things, but I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think it. It's one of those messages.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So. So we're in a series called
Pastor Brent McQuay: Christian Atheists. And so it's one of
Pastor Brent McQuay: those things when you, like, you look
Pastor Brent McQuay: somebody in the eyes and you say,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I know you think you're a Christian,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but are you really? Like, that's. That's
Pastor Brent McQuay: offensive. Like, that's like, oh, how dare
Pastor Brent McQuay: you judge me? Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, that is. I have a lot
Ti'heasha Beasley: of thoughts, but before I dive in,
Ti'heasha Beasley: give us a little background of this
Ti'heasha Beasley: message so we can set up what
Ti'heasha Beasley: the conversation will look like.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, so we. We stole the premise
Pastor Brent McQuay: from Craig Groeschel at Life Church. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: actually. So he did a sermon series
Pastor Brent McQuay: a couple of years ago, but it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: based off of a book he wrote.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, I want to say in like
Pastor Brent McQuay: 2000 around 2010, 2011. Because I know
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's when I read it. So I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't remember if he wrote it earlier
Pastor Brent McQuay: than that. I picked up a late
Pastor Brent McQuay: copy or if I got it, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: right away. But it was one of
Pastor Brent McQuay: those books that just the title of
Pastor Brent McQuay: it caught me off guard. And then
Pastor Brent McQuay: as I started reading it, like, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: talked to our church about, like, it
Pastor Brent McQuay: really was one of the catalysts. It
Pastor Brent McQuay: was actually his book. And then a
Pastor Brent McQuay: sermon that I listened to a few
Pastor Brent McQuay: years after that, that really the catalyst
Pastor Brent McQuay: for me to say, man, I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: that there's. There's something better than Christian.
Pastor Brent McQuay: There's something that. That we're supposed to
Pastor Brent McQuay: do. Because I got frustrated, got tired
Pastor Brent McQuay: with how many times people would claim
Pastor Brent McQuay: Christian, but then like, say, but I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't believe in the Bible, so. Well,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, how do. You can't. You can't
Pastor Brent McQuay: do that. Like, you can't say you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: a Christian, but then say, but Jesus
Pastor Brent McQuay: was just a good, like, prophet and
Pastor Brent McQuay: moral figure. He wasn't God. It's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: well, then you're not Christian. Like the
Pastor Brent McQuay: Christian title, like, it. It actually claims
Pastor Brent McQuay: some things. And so if we're actually
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to claim the title of Christian,
Pastor Brent McQuay: then there's a way that we should
Pastor Brent McQuay: be living. And so when we don't,
Pastor Brent McQuay: when we claim to believe in God
Pastor Brent McQuay: but then live like he doesn't exist,
Pastor Brent McQuay: Craig Rochelle put him in that category
Pastor Brent McQuay: of Christian atheist. I joke that, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: know, it's probably more accurate to say
Pastor Brent McQuay: that they're agnostics who grew up in
Pastor Brent McQuay: a Christian house, because I think that's,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you know, Christian and atheist. Obviously that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: an oxymoron. You can't put those things
Pastor Brent McQuay: together. But it's portraying this picture of,
Pastor Brent McQuay: well, I believe in God. I call
Pastor Brent McQuay: myself a Christian, but I'm not actually
Pastor Brent McQuay: doing the things God tells me to
Pastor Brent McQuay: do as a Christian.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so that's kind of the. The
Pastor Brent McQuay: premise, the starting point for this series.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so we're going to do three
Pastor Brent McQuay: weeks of it. I think Craig Groeschel
Pastor Brent McQuay: did, like, four weeks. He talked about
Pastor Brent McQuay: some different stuff. Yeah. So if you
Pastor Brent McQuay: want to double down or triple down,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you could read the book, you watch
Pastor Brent McQuay: his sermons, and you can watch ours,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and you'll actually get, like, three totally
Pastor Brent McQuay: different things. Yeah, I would around that
Pastor Brent McQuay: same idea.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I don't know if I would suggest
Ti'heasha Beasley: that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Just the confusion of that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I feel like just even sitting here
Ti'heasha Beasley: thinking about it, I like the perspective.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And you're right. I don't know what
Ti'heasha Beasley: perspective he came from, but even Thinking
Ti'heasha Beasley: about, like, how we're moving away from
Ti'heasha Beasley: the word, like, Christian wearing to disciples,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I feel like that's the approach you
Ti'heasha Beasley: brought to the table, which is like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: beneficial for our church. What do you
Ti'heasha Beasley: think, Marcus?
Marcus Ivy: I think it's beneficial for everyone. Like
Marcus Ivy: you said, the Christianity term, Christianity has
Marcus Ivy: been weakened, you know. Right. And so
Marcus Ivy: it's easy to slap that on an
Marcus Ivy: interview or application that I'm a Christian,
Marcus Ivy: but what does that really mean? You
Marcus Ivy: know, so, yeah, I think it's needed
Marcus Ivy: to put it right in front of
Marcus Ivy: you. This is who you're supposed to
Marcus Ivy: be.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. So you said the definition for
Ti'heasha Beasley: Christian atheists. I just wanted to read
Ti'heasha Beasley: it. Is a Christian or someone who
Ti'heasha Beasley: believes in God but doesn't live as.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Well, let me say it. But lives
Ti'heasha Beasley: as if he doesn't exist. So that
Ti'heasha Beasley: is the definition that we're using for
Ti'heasha Beasley: Christian atheist. And so I, I want
Ti'heasha Beasley: to know, has there been a time
Ti'heasha Beasley: in your lives and I don't care
Ti'heasha Beasley: what or order is answered. You lived
Ti'heasha Beasley: as a Christian atheist.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah, I mean, I mean, you have
Marcus Ivy: to be real with yourself. Right. So
Marcus Ivy: everyone could. Should answer this question. Yes,
Marcus Ivy: they have. So to be specific, you
Marcus Ivy: know, when I first got saved, I'm
Marcus Ivy: on fire. But then it's like, okay,
Marcus Ivy: I still want to club a little
Marcus Ivy: bit. I still want to do this
Marcus Ivy: a little bit. I'm professing Christianity and
Marcus Ivy: my friends like, man, bro, you in
Marcus Ivy: the same spot where I'm at on
Marcus Ivy: Thursday night at Secrets, you know, so
Marcus Ivy: it's secrets.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Did you put the club.
Marcus Ivy: Put the club out there? They no
Marcus Ivy: longer exist. But, you know, just thankfully
Marcus Ivy: I had some disciples around me who,
Marcus Ivy: you know, was like, hey, bro. And
Marcus Ivy: I wish I knew that term Christian
Marcus Ivy: atheist back then because it's like smack
Marcus Ivy: dead in the face, like, you ain't.
Marcus Ivy: You ain't doing what you say, what
Marcus Ivy: you're professed. So. So, you know, and.
Marcus Ivy: And it's still a working process, you
Marcus Ivy: know, over the years. So no matter
Marcus Ivy: what level you're at, like, you should
Marcus Ivy: take a look at, like, am I
Marcus Ivy: being a Christian atheist? Like, you know,
Marcus Ivy: and it brings you back. Like, seriously,
Marcus Ivy: it brings you back. So the, the
Marcus Ivy: title alone is just.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You almost want to argue against it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, no, that's not. And, and it's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think one of the things that
Pastor Brent McQuay: you said, like, yeah, we're all a
Pastor Brent McQuay: work in progr. I don't want to
Pastor Brent McQuay: discount that. Like, I think some people
Pastor Brent McQuay: are going to hear some of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: things I said, like, you might be
Pastor Brent McQuay: a Christian atheist if. And I had
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, 15 things. Like. Like, it's. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: absolutely one of those things where, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you would identify yourself probably somewhere in
Pastor Brent McQuay: that mix, but it doesn't mean you
Pastor Brent McQuay: are a Christian. Atheist is the soul
Pastor Brent McQuay: you might be if. Right. We totally
Pastor Brent McQuay: stole that from the old was Jeff
Pastor Brent McQuay: Foxworthy jokes. You might be a redneck.
Pastor Brent McQuay: If, like, it's just. These are indicators.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And what I would probably argue is
Pastor Brent McQuay: that it's almost like, man, I don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: know if I want to use the
Pastor Brent McQuay: terminology or not, but it's almost like
Pastor Brent McQuay: there's a spectrum. And it's like, okay,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, how close to Christ are you?
Pastor Brent McQuay: And how close to just not Christ
Pastor Brent McQuay: are you? And so for all of
Pastor Brent McQuay: us, we're somewhere on that path.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The question is, are you trying to
Pastor Brent McQuay: get closer to the Jesus side or
Pastor Brent McQuay: not?
Marcus Ivy: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And what does that look like in
Pastor Brent McQuay: your life? So does that mean if
Pastor Brent McQuay: you struggle with sin, that means you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: a Christian atheist? No. But if you
Pastor Brent McQuay: are comfortable with your sin and you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, I'm. I'm good with this. This
Pastor Brent McQuay: is totally okay.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Then, yeah, you're not really a Christian
Pastor Brent McQuay: at that point.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay. So don't try to get out
Ti'heasha Beasley: the question because gave this really.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Oh, yeah. Have I ever been. Yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: yeah, 100%. Yeah, because. Because I agree
Pastor Brent McQuay: with Marcus. I said all of us
Pastor Brent McQuay: have to answer that truthfully. Like, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: all of us have. There's an area,
Pastor Brent McQuay: there's something in your life where it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, oh, man, in that space, I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: more atheist than Christian. Like, I'm acting
Pastor Brent McQuay: more like God doesn't exist than I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: acting like I'm supposed to. And so,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, for. Throughout the history of my
Pastor Brent McQuay: life, there's been different sin struggles I've
Pastor Brent McQuay: had. There's been. Man, there's moments when,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, my language, man, I was cussing
Pastor Brent McQuay: like crazy. And so it was like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: if you just listen to what I
Pastor Brent McQuay: said, you'd be like, that kid's not
Pastor Brent McQuay: a Christian at all. And so it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just. There's just been different, you know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: areas of my life at different times
Pastor Brent McQuay: when it's like, yeah, you grew up
Pastor Brent McQuay: in church, but do you really know
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jesus?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. Yeah. Is that the old school
Ti'heasha Beasley: term of, like, hypocrite? Are we just
Ti'heasha Beasley: putting a fancy name? Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, it's because. Because Christianity is someone
Pastor Brent McQuay: who claims to be a Christian but
Pastor Brent McQuay: then doesn't live like it. Yeah, a
Pastor Brent McQuay: hypocrite is somebody who says something but
Pastor Brent McQuay: then doesn't follow it up with their
Pastor Brent McQuay: actions or does something different. So yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: 100. Which is, which will give you
Pastor Brent McQuay: new perspective when you're reading the gospels
Pastor Brent McQuay: and you hear Jesus talk to the
Pastor Brent McQuay: hypocrites. Yeah, call out the hypocrites. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's like, oh, Christian atheists. Yes, right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Or when Paul tells Titus, like they
Pastor Brent McQuay: profess God but then they're, they're. They
Pastor Brent McQuay: the works. How does he phrase it
Pastor Brent McQuay: now, now.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Are you talking about the, the virtue
Ti'heasha Beasley: reference in the message?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Titus 1?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes, I wrote it down. It's part
Ti'heasha Beasley: of my notes. Titus 1:16. To know
Ti'heasha Beasley: God, but they deny him by their
Ti'heasha Beasley: works.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Deny him by their works. That's what
Pastor Brent McQuay: works.
Ti'heasha Beasley: They are detestable. Oh yeah, I just
Ti'heasha Beasley: disobedient.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I love when he goes unfit for
Pastor Brent McQuay: any, any good works.
Marcus Ivy: Like yeah, just, just not taking the
Marcus Ivy: garbage out. Anything you ain't good for.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Literally Paul was like, this is what.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You just get rid of them. Like
Pastor Brent McQuay: they're, they're out of here.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And, and I love. Cuz I even
Ti'heasha Beasley: like read the, the verse above or
Ti'heasha Beasley: so 15 this. You're going into my
Ti'heasha Beasley: notes already. I wasn't even trying to
Ti'heasha Beasley: go direction, but it was, you know,
Ti'heasha Beasley: he was talking to false teachers during
Ti'heasha Beasley: that time. And I love how it
Ti'heasha Beasley: was like you're concerned with your works,
Ti'heasha Beasley: your rituals.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And you're doing stuff.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You're doing stuff, but you're not living
Ti'heasha Beasley: that lifestyle. And so it just made
Ti'heasha Beasley: me start to think about like, where
Ti'heasha Beasley: do you draw the line between like
Ti'heasha Beasley: good works? Because you did list 15
Ti'heasha Beasley: things. We're gonna list those in a
Ti'heasha Beasley: little bit. But where do you draw
Ti'heasha Beasley: the line between this is works and
Ti'heasha Beasley: this is actually a dedicated life to
Ti'heasha Beasley: like pleasing God?
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think part of it comes down
Pastor Brent McQuay: to motivation. Like why are you doing
Pastor Brent McQuay: it?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: If you're doing it to try and
Pastor Brent McQuay: get into heaven, like that's, that's where
Pastor Brent McQuay: Paul gets into like he interrupts this
Pastor Brent McQuay: flow of thought of like it's just
Pastor Brent McQuay: to know him, know him, know him.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it's like, oh, by the way,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's by faith in Christ. Right. Um,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and so yeah, I think, I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: part of it is the motivation. Like
Pastor Brent McQuay: are you doing the stuff because you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: checking off a box that says, well,
Pastor Brent McQuay: if I want to get into heaven,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I need to do these things, or
Pastor Brent McQuay: if I'm going to look like a
Pastor Brent McQuay: Christian, I need to do these things.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm checking off a box. It's just,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's out of obligation, not out of
Pastor Brent McQuay: a desire to know God. Right. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so there's, there's things that we absolutely
Pastor Brent McQuay: do as believers, like That's. That's what
Pastor Brent McQuay: this whole thing is about. Like, there
Pastor Brent McQuay: are things you're supposed to be doing,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but you're doing them in order to
Pastor Brent McQuay: get close to God, not doing them
Pastor Brent McQuay: in order to look good or to
Pastor Brent McQuay: appear to want to know God. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so it's really. I guess it comes
Pastor Brent McQuay: down to motivation. Like, what's the heart
Pastor Brent McQuay: behind why you're doing what you're doing?
Marcus Ivy: I don't. I don't work to be
Marcus Ivy: saved once save.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I work. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's like a trans. And you use
Ti'heasha Beasley: that verse about being transformed by the
Ti'heasha Beasley: renewing of your mind. It's like being
Ti'heasha Beasley: transformed. So let. Let's read some of
Ti'heasha Beasley: those. And. And I'm actually going to
Ti'heasha Beasley: your Facebook post that you put up.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I was like, look at our pastor
Ti'heasha Beasley: trying to be all creative with trying.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I had my wife tweak it a
Pastor Brent McQuay: little bit. I tried to have her
Pastor Brent McQuay: help, but I actually. I tried to
Pastor Brent McQuay: have AI do it first, and AI
Pastor Brent McQuay: sucks. This is awful. Like, this is
Pastor Brent McQuay: not helpful at all. That's probably just
Pastor Brent McQuay: my ignorance on how to make. Chat.
Marcus Ivy: Do.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Do things that you want it to
Pastor Brent McQuay: do. And so I will confess, though,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I made that on Saturday during the
Pastor Brent McQuay: marriage event that we were at.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I know you had to make it
Ti'heasha Beasley: before Sunday.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Me and Marcus were at the same
Pastor Brent McQuay: marriage event, and there was. There was
Pastor Brent McQuay: a session where I was just. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: was falling asleep, and I was.
Marcus Ivy: I was having fun.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So I pulled out my phone and
Pastor Brent McQuay: I was like, all right, let me
Pastor Brent McQuay: try and be productive.
Marcus Ivy: Do a little work.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, let me get a little work
Pastor Brent McQuay: done. I feel bad about it because,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, I should be in the moment,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and I really wasn't, so I repent.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Good was a.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That was a bad.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You're being a better Christian, better disciple.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Right?
Ti'heasha Beasley: All right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What. What was funny. What's funny about
Pastor Brent McQuay: that list of 15 things is I
Pastor Brent McQuay: had a list of 12, and I
Pastor Brent McQuay: was like, this is way too much.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So I cut it down to 10,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and then I brought it to our
Pastor Brent McQuay: sermon planning group, and they're like, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: should add this and this and this.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it ended up. I think we
Pastor Brent McQuay: changed a couple things, took away something,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and then the lists expanded to 15.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I was like, you guys are
Pastor Brent McQuay: not helpful. Like, I came in here,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm like, I got too much. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: they're like, you don't have enough. All
Pastor Brent McQuay: right, that was fun. We just lost
Pastor Brent McQuay: power in the building, but we are
Pastor Brent McQuay: back, so we're going to try and
Pastor Brent McQuay: jump back into where we were. We're
Pastor Brent McQuay: going through these 15 things. You might
Pastor Brent McQuay: be a Christian atheist if.
Ti'heasha Beasley: If. And I'm like, delayed. All right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Did you lose power?
Ti'heasha Beasley: I glitched. It's been a weekend, so
Ti'heasha Beasley: I definitely glitched. But you may be
Ti'heasha Beasley: a Christian atheist if you believe in
Ti'heasha Beasley: God, but you only open your Bible
Ti'heasha Beasley: when life falls apart. I think that,
Ti'heasha Beasley: yeah, that's more relatable than man.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. And I think that that one
Pastor Brent McQuay: might be the, the one that's easily
Pastor Brent McQuay: overlooked.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's like, but I'm a Christian. I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: a good Christian because I. I pray
Pastor Brent McQuay: and I try and follow God and
Pastor Brent McQuay: I, I go to church on Sundays
Pastor Brent McQuay: and all that stuff. But, like, your
Pastor Brent McQuay: Bible is completely covered in dust.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Or if I asked you to grab
Pastor Brent McQuay: your Bible, you'd be like, where did
Pastor Brent McQuay: I. Where is that? I haven't seen
Pastor Brent McQuay: that in a while.
Marcus Ivy: And nothing against electronic Bibles, but it's,
Marcus Ivy: you know, doesn't include that. Too many
Marcus Ivy: devotion, you know, like, you really, in
Marcus Ivy: your Bible, you really. In your Word.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. That's always the funny thing. I've
Pastor Brent McQuay: had. I've had it happen a few
Pastor Brent McQuay: times where, like, I'll mention a Bible
Pastor Brent McQuay: verse and some. I'll be like, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: pull it, Pull it up on your
Pastor Brent McQuay: phone. And they like, they look at
Pastor Brent McQuay: their phone and like, scroll.
Marcus Ivy: Don't even know where the app is
Marcus Ivy: at.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Where did I put the Bible app
Pastor Brent McQuay: on my phone? And it's like, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you barely touched that thing, have you?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: Put it on your home screen, people.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. I mean, and that is like
Ti'heasha Beasley: you said it, it can be one
Ti'heasha Beasley: easily overlooked because life do be life.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And it can be heavy. But I
Ti'heasha Beasley: think that it's a great alignment. Like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: this message was really good to align
Ti'heasha Beasley: you back because sometimes you can pick
Ti'heasha Beasley: up your Bible and you can just
Ti'heasha Beasley: look at it and you're not really
Ti'heasha Beasley: getting anything from it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But it's like really diving in, studying,
Ti'heasha Beasley: hearing what God is saying.
Marcus Ivy: But it's like, you know, and I
Marcus Ivy: obviously, I had to learn this. Why
Marcus Ivy: wait for something to happen to get
Marcus Ivy: in. Let's be prepared with some scriptures
Marcus Ivy: so I know how to combat different
Marcus Ivy: things so I know what scripture to
Marcus Ivy: go to. And I don't have to
Marcus Ivy: wait in the midst of my chaos
Marcus Ivy: trying to flip through the Bible app
Marcus Ivy: or whatever to see what I need.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. I always love. So the Bible
Pastor Brent McQuay: says, the Holy Spirit's going to bring
Pastor Brent McQuay: to our remembrance. Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: What can he bring to you?
Pastor Brent McQuay: But he can't bring your remembrance things
Pastor Brent McQuay: that you never learned.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That is good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: He's there to help you remember? Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You read not to teach you something
Pastor Brent McQuay: you haven't read.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: Can't drink out of empty.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Well, right. I. I probably overuse Mark
Pastor Brent McQuay: Batterson's quote, but I still love it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: When it comes to knowledge of a
Pastor Brent McQuay: divine creator, you either have revelation or
Pastor Brent McQuay: speculation. Either he reveals, he speaks, or
Pastor Brent McQuay: we guess. And I think that that's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's what ends up happening. That's why
Pastor Brent McQuay: next week is going to be all
Pastor Brent McQuay: about trusting the Bible, because there's a
Pastor Brent McQuay: lot of Christians that just try and
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, guess what it looks like to
Pastor Brent McQuay: follow God instead of actually just going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to the book that is revelation of
Pastor Brent McQuay: how we're supposed to live. Because then
Pastor Brent McQuay: it becomes very subjective, it becomes very
Pastor Brent McQuay: emotion based. And I'm just going with
Pastor Brent McQuay: what I feel. Yeah, it's like, well,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the heart is deceptive above all things,
Pastor Brent McQuay: so what you feel is probably not
Pastor Brent McQuay: right.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah, right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, man. I was just listening to
Ti'heasha Beasley: a podcast and the girl was talking
Ti'heasha Beasley: about emotional idolatry. I've never heard of
Ti'heasha Beasley: that, but it was.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You make your emotions your God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes. It was such an eye opener.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I'm sure those type of people
Ti'heasha Beasley: only go to the Bible when things
Ti'heasha Beasley: are falling apart. Right? I mean, we
Ti'heasha Beasley: can all, you know, participate in that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So. Man.
Marcus Ivy: And you listen to other podcasts besides.
Marcus Ivy: Besides between service.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No, actually she's like, it's research.
Marcus Ivy: I'm just kidding.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's research. It is. But actually I'm
Ti'heasha Beasley: just in a weird space like right
Ti'heasha Beasley: now. It's a weird season and I
Ti'heasha Beasley: feel like even like for me, stepping
Ti'heasha Beasley: away from like social media for a
Ti'heasha Beasley: season is something I feel like God
Ti'heasha Beasley: is telling me to do and, and
Ti'heasha Beasley: really like, like indulging in like his
Ti'heasha Beasley: word and other things, like spiritual, you
Ti'heasha Beasley: know.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What's your favorite non between sermons podcast?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Right now?
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's called Therapy and Prayer. Therapy and
Ti'heasha Beasley: prayer on Spotify. I've been really enjoying
Ti'heasha Beasley: that podcast. Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Marcus, what about you?
Marcus Ivy: I don't do podcasts.
Ti'heasha Beasley: They're good. If you really find one
Ti'heasha Beasley: you like.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, my go to is the Bama
Pastor Brent McQuay: podcast.
Ti'heasha Beasley: The Bama.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Bama B E M A. It's just
Pastor Brent McQuay: a totally different perspective on the Bible
Pastor Brent McQuay: right now. I'm. They're in where I
Pastor Brent McQuay: am with the podcast and I'm like
Pastor Brent McQuay: five years behind because they've been doing
Pastor Brent McQuay: this for a long time or in
Pastor Brent McQuay: the Old Testament. And so it's, it's,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's walking through from a Eastern mindset
Pastor Brent McQuay: instead of a Western mindset that sometimes
Pastor Brent McQuay: we come to the Bible as Americans,
Pastor Brent McQuay: even though it was Written by Jews.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so it's. They're giving this Eastern
Pastor Brent McQuay: perspective of when. When they phrase it
Pastor Brent McQuay: this way, this is what it actually
Pastor Brent McQuay: communicated for the. The Jewish perspective they
Pastor Brent McQuay: talk about. Like, it's this idea that,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, when. When a rabbi would give,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, instructions, a lot of times it
Pastor Brent McQuay: would be like, okay, we're gonna. We're
Pastor Brent McQuay: gonna walk all the way around the
Pastor Brent McQuay: building to get to something that's right
Pastor Brent McQuay: next door. And so the American way
Pastor Brent McQuay: is just tell me how to get
Pastor Brent McQuay: right next door. Like, give me the
Pastor Brent McQuay: fast route. And the rabbi is like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: no, but I want to take you
Pastor Brent McQuay: on a journey.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Wow.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so it kind of shifts some
Pastor Brent McQuay: of the baby pot. It's really good.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I like that. I might add that
Ti'heasha Beasley: to my listening for the next.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You know, it can get a little
Pastor Brent McQuay: nerdy. It's a little heady sometimes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay, well, they. Never mind. I get
Ti'heasha Beasley: enough of that heat.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm just gonna say it. For me,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's entertaining, but it's. It. Everybody's version
Pastor Brent McQuay: of entertaining is different.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So I am a little interested, but
Ti'heasha Beasley: not. Not. I don't want to make
Ti'heasha Beasley: that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I would say David, if he isn't
Pastor Brent McQuay: already listening to it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: He probably already is.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. Probably have the similar taste. All
Ti'heasha Beasley: right, next one. You believe in God,
Ti'heasha Beasley: but. Or you might be a Christian
Ti'heasha Beasley: atheist if you believe in God, but
Ti'heasha Beasley: you're getting drunk and high to cope.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, Yeah. A lot.
Marcus Ivy: A lot of people use that because
Marcus Ivy: they don't know the drink is in
Marcus Ivy: the Bible, you know, but drunkenness in
Marcus Ivy: the Bible, too. So they, you know,
Marcus Ivy: they haven't made that correlation. They probably
Marcus Ivy: didn't want to make that correlation because
Marcus Ivy: they still stuck in their fun.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: And so this will take away my.
Marcus Ivy: From my fun.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: And then, you know, the high thing,
Marcus Ivy: don't talk about marijuana. Oh, that's from
Marcus Ivy: the earth, so that's pure. That's natural.
Marcus Ivy: You know, he put it here.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Don't smoke weed.
Marcus Ivy: Right. Yeah, man.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's that coping piece, though. You're turning
Ti'heasha Beasley: to something outside of Christ.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I think if we take away,
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, again, the works. Aspects. Aspect of
Ti'heasha Beasley: it, we are relying on something other
Ti'heasha Beasley: than Christ.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. And there. There was a pastor
Pastor Brent McQuay: I heard talk about this once. He's
Pastor Brent McQuay: a very famous guy, and it was.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It was interesting. He said he had
Pastor Brent McQuay: to have a season of just pure
Pastor Brent McQuay: repentance. He had to go to therapy
Pastor Brent McQuay: and all this stuff, because on Sundays,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, it's kind of an inside joke
Pastor Brent McQuay: for preachers. Like, you go home Sunday.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Ready to quit, like. Yeah, no, Matter
Pastor Brent McQuay: how good Sunday was, there was always
Pastor Brent McQuay: something that wasn't good. And you just.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So Sundays, it's a stressful. It's hard.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And he started noticing how he would
Pastor Brent McQuay: come home on Sunday, sit in his
Pastor Brent McQuay: favorite leather chair and pour a glass
Pastor Brent McQuay: of scotch. He's like, only had one
Pastor Brent McQuay: glass. Like, I'm not getting drunk. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: he's like, but I started realizing that
Pastor Brent McQuay: that cow. That chair and that glass
Pastor Brent McQuay: was the thing that I was using
Pastor Brent McQuay: to calm myself and to process. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, if I had a bad day
Pastor Brent McQuay: at work or had an issue with
Pastor Brent McQuay: the staff, it was like, I can't
Pastor Brent McQuay: wait to go home and sit in
Pastor Brent McQuay: my leather chair and have my glass
Pastor Brent McQuay: of scotch. And he's like, I started
Pastor Brent McQuay: to realize that that chair and that
Pastor Brent McQuay: glass was becoming my God and the
Pastor Brent McQuay: thing that the Holy Spirit was supposed
Pastor Brent McQuay: to do in my life. Now all
Pastor Brent McQuay: of a sudden, this substance is doing
Pastor Brent McQuay: in my life, right? And he's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I had to. I had to repent.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I had to change my habits.
Marcus Ivy: And it's not always the substance. You
Marcus Ivy: know, video games, shopping and whatever.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I was going to say, you just
Ti'heasha Beasley: stepped on both of our toes. Shopping,
Ti'heasha Beasley: video games, whatever.
Marcus Ivy: That.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I 100% agree. Like, I. I've had
Pastor Brent McQuay: those moments where I've had a st.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And. And people know, like, I love
Pastor Brent McQuay: video games. I actually, I didn't play
Pastor Brent McQuay: any this week, but usually it's very
Pastor Brent McQuay: rarely a week goes by that I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't play something.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And you confess to going home, zoning
Ti'heasha Beasley: out on video games. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Christian, just play.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No. And I think the. The. What
Pastor Brent McQuay: happens, though? And there were seasons in
Pastor Brent McQuay: my life where that became my. My
Pastor Brent McQuay: thing. Like, I didn't go to God
Pastor Brent McQuay: in prayer. I didn't put on worship
Pastor Brent McQuay: music to pro. Like, it was like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I had a bad day. I need
Pastor Brent McQuay: to go home and play video games
Pastor Brent McQuay: in order to get through this. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: it was. If that's how I have
Pastor Brent McQuay: to process seven days a week, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's not good.
Marcus Ivy: That's not good. Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: When I start replacing God with something
Pastor Brent McQuay: else. Yeah, whatever that something else is.
Marcus Ivy: Right?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, that's not good.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I just. Just hear, like. And I
Ti'heasha Beasley: know this is an old school term,
Ti'heasha Beasley: but God is a jealous God. And,
Ti'heasha Beasley: man, there's so many things we can
Ti'heasha Beasley: easily idolize.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Have no other gods before me.
Ti'heasha Beasley: None. And it's something.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And we makes things.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We make things.
Marcus Ivy: Everything, a lot of things.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And it's. It's very convicting. I mean,
Ti'heasha Beasley: honestly, because you think about your life
Ti'heasha Beasley: and you say, well, I'm not. I'm
Ti'heasha Beasley: not drinking. I'm not getting.
Marcus Ivy: Right. I'm not doing what they doing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm not doing what they're doing. But
Ti'heasha Beasley: there is something you're turning to. Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Outside of Christ. And he is jealous
Ti'heasha Beasley: of that.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I. I've noticed, man. Vulnerable moment.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, sometimes food is that for me.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, I have a bad day, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's like, man, I just need to
Pastor Brent McQuay: go eat something that's gonna make me
Pastor Brent McQuay: happy.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, I know this. This isn't a
Pastor Brent McQuay: healthy burger I'm about to eat, but,
Pastor Brent McQuay: man, I just. I just need the.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't know what it. The endorphins
Pastor Brent McQuay: or whatever it's gonna. The chemicals is
Pastor Brent McQuay: gonna release my body, and we start
Pastor Brent McQuay: turning to things instead of turning to
Pastor Brent McQuay: God, and that's dangerous.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. All right. You may be a
Ti'heasha Beasley: Christian atheist if you believe in God,
Ti'heasha Beasley: but your entertainment shapes you more than
Ti'heasha Beasley: the scripture does. Okay, you don't have
Ti'heasha Beasley: to unpack that one.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Because what does that mean specifically?
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think there's a lot of people
Pastor Brent McQuay: that, like, they take their personality, they
Pastor Brent McQuay: take their cues, they take their inspiration.
Pastor Brent McQuay: They take everything that they are based
Pastor Brent McQuay: on. Their favorite TV show, their favorite
Pastor Brent McQuay: media source, their favorite book, their favorite.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so, like, they're allowing, like, all
Pastor Brent McQuay: of these other things. Like, it's almost
Pastor Brent McQuay: like there, you know, some. Some guys
Pastor Brent McQuay: that like sports are. Their personality.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The. The reality is sometimes the things
Pastor Brent McQuay: that we're supposed to be entertained by
Pastor Brent McQuay: become our personality becomes who we are.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so now it's like, well, I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: the. I'm the football guy. And.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You know, or I'm the. You know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: whatever.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Your identity becomes that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so. So now that form of
Pastor Brent McQuay: entertainment, that's the thing that's actually shaping
Pastor Brent McQuay: who you are, how you talk, what
Pastor Brent McQuay: you talk about, the way you dress,
Pastor Brent McQuay: what you look like. Like, it's all
Pastor Brent McQuay: about, like, following that instead of allowing
Pastor Brent McQuay: scripture to be the thing that actually
Pastor Brent McQuay: shapes who you are and what you
Pastor Brent McQuay: talk about and what you think about.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Wow.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah. I know this guy who's into
Marcus Ivy: sports, you know, pictures and cars and
Marcus Ivy: stuff. And now that you say that,
Marcus Ivy: everything is about that. Hey, Marcus, you
Marcus Ivy: see this? I'm like, I don't want
Marcus Ivy: to see that Same thing you said
Marcus Ivy: last week. But, yeah, that's. That's his
Marcus Ivy: identity. And I know some people from
Marcus Ivy: my old job that. That's their identity,
Marcus Ivy: you know, outside of the job. That's
Marcus Ivy: all they talk about is the job.
Marcus Ivy: Like, dude, I want to hear about
Marcus Ivy: that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. Yeah. And it's you know, none
Pastor Brent McQuay: of this is to say you can't
Pastor Brent McQuay: have hobbies, but when the hobby becomes
Pastor Brent McQuay: your personality, when it becomes everything for
Pastor Brent McQuay: you, it's like, man, how about we
Pastor Brent McQuay: make Jesus your hobby? If that's how
Pastor Brent McQuay: you treat a hobby.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Then let's make Jesus the thing that
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're obsessed with. Wow.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, that. That is real life. I'm.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm even thinking about on the female
Ti'heasha Beasley: side because, you know, we can't relate
Ti'heasha Beasley: to sports. Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But we have a lot of influencers.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We follow and, you know, different brands
Ti'heasha Beasley: that we identify with or now it's
Ti'heasha Beasley: even like eras. So I'm in my
Ti'heasha Beasley: soft girl era and, you know, no
Ti'heasha Beasley: idea. You don't know what that means?
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's a whole soft girl era. Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Nope, don't know that one.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It shapes your everything.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Andy, do you know what a soft
Pastor Brent McQuay: girl era is? Andy doesn't know either.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Pretty. Okay, thank you. Someone has to
Ti'heasha Beasley: know on this set.
Marcus Ivy: My wife said something about soft girl.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, you are. I'm not, you know,
Ti'heasha Beasley: living a rough life, so I'm not
Ti'heasha Beasley: pumping my own gas anymore. I'm not,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you know, I barely will clean my
Ti'heasha Beasley: house. We're hiring somebody to do that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I am, you know, it's a whole
Ti'heasha Beasley: thing. It's a whole mindset shift that
Ti'heasha Beasley: women are allowing to shape, you know,
Ti'heasha Beasley: who they are. Like, I'm in my
Ti'heasha Beasley: soft girl era.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Interesting.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Didn't know that, huh? Could I edit
Ti'heasha Beasley: that to the.
Marcus Ivy: I know I've been out here. No
Marcus Ivy: men talking about soft man. I'm in
Marcus Ivy: my soft man era.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So you get punched in the chest.
Marcus Ivy: Right?
Ti'heasha Beasley: So, yeah, man, being guarding your heart,
Ti'heasha Beasley: not letting these different things shape who
Ti'heasha Beasley: you are. That's good. You may be
Ti'heasha Beasley: a Christian atheist if you believe in
Ti'heasha Beasley: God, but you click on things online
Ti'heasha Beasley: that grieves God's heart. So we know
Ti'heasha Beasley: where you're going with that one.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Might be. It might be a little
Pastor Brent McQuay: obvious right there.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's pretty obvious, but. Yeah, but I
Ti'heasha Beasley: don't know. It doesn't even have to
Ti'heasha Beasley: be that deep. It could just be
Ti'heasha Beasley: anything that you're making your idol, you
Ti'heasha Beasley: know? But yeah, you may be a
Ti'heasha Beasley: Christian atheist if you believe in God,
Ti'heasha Beasley: but you care about your social media
Ti'heasha Beasley: appearance more than your identity in Christ.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay, you gotta unpack that because we
Ti'heasha Beasley: live in the social media era.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think that was one that that
Pastor Brent McQuay: soul added in the. In the sermon.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, that. Yeah, it's. It's. You're. You're
Pastor Brent McQuay: obsessed with posting the right thing to
Pastor Brent McQuay: show the right side of you. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's like you're obsessed with your highlight
Pastor Brent McQuay: reel on social media. And like, we
Pastor Brent McQuay: talked about, we had some people in
Pastor Brent McQuay: our life personally, that man that we
Pastor Brent McQuay: knew stuff was falling apart because we
Pastor Brent McQuay: had that relationship. But then we would
Pastor Brent McQuay: look at what they would post on
Pastor Brent McQuay: social media and it was like, not
Pastor Brent McQuay: making sense. It's like these two things
Pastor Brent McQuay: are not. They're not related. And it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like. No, you just got obsessed with
Pastor Brent McQuay: trying to look a certain way to
Pastor Brent McQuay: the public, and you weren't actually trying
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be identified with Christ. And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's. Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: David has this thing where he says
Ti'heasha Beasley: you want to believe everything but God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I feel like we live in
Ti'heasha Beasley: that society now where it's like, with
Ti'heasha Beasley: social media, it's like this trend called
Ti'heasha Beasley: the Delulu trend. I know all this
Ti'heasha Beasley: stuff because of course I'm over social
Ti'heasha Beasley: media where you live a delusional life.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And so. And people are. They want
Ti'heasha Beasley: to be Delulu, so they'll say, I'm
Ti'heasha Beasley: in a Duluth. Like, I'm doing a
Ti'heasha Beasley: dulu trend. For the next 30 days,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm going to post what I want
Ti'heasha Beasley: to be, but I'm not that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so here's the guy equivalent or
Pastor Brent McQuay: the guy reference. The. The matrix, the
Pastor Brent McQuay: MA when he's eating the steak and
Pastor Brent McQuay: he says, ignorance is bliss. There's some
Pastor Brent McQuay: things that you just. You just don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: want to be ignorant of. It's just.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's just. Yeah, it's just easier. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just more comfortable.
Marcus Ivy: That takes too much work, like, to
Marcus Ivy: perform, to put on performance like that.
Marcus Ivy: Just.
Ti'heasha Beasley: People rather do all of this outside
Ti'heasha Beasley: of surrendering and submit to God, Working.
Marcus Ivy: So hard like there's no return on
Marcus Ivy: your investment in doing that at all.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes. Yes, man.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I did fake Internet points, right?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: To get Internet points.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, Fake Internet points. Like doing it
Pastor Brent McQuay: so I can get 57 likes and
Pastor Brent McQuay: 20 shares. And you know, those things
Pastor Brent McQuay: mean nothing like that. Fake Internet points.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And then you start chasing them.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So that identity in Christ piece is
Ti'heasha Beasley: big. I feel like we. We have
Ti'heasha Beasley: a generation that's searching for identity and
Ti'heasha Beasley: they're looking to everything but Christ. So,
Ti'heasha Beasley: yeah, it's a good reminder. You may
Ti'heasha Beasley: be a Christian atheist if you believe
Ti'heasha Beasley: in God, but you don't love your
Ti'heasha Beasley: neighbor.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Pretty.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. The Bible has a lot to
Pastor Brent McQuay: say about loving your neighbor.
Ti'heasha Beasley: A lot.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And when you are a Christian, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're bitter and you're angry and you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: rude and you're a jerk to people
Pastor Brent McQuay: around you, it's like, did. Are you
Pastor Brent McQuay: really? Do you know who?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You're following. Yeah, I got a feeling
Pastor Brent McQuay: you don't.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And when God says neighbor, what is
Ti'heasha Beasley: he saying specifically to those who may
Ti'heasha Beasley: be like, well, I do love my
Ti'heasha Beasley: neighbor across the street.
Marcus Ivy: He may be talking about them, because
Marcus Ivy: some people don't even know their neighbors.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's actually the. The best thing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, so in that. In that verse,
Pastor Brent McQuay: when the. The. I think it's a
Pastor Brent McQuay: lawyer, I think is how it's described,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that. That brings up the question, Jesus
Pastor Brent McQuay: says, we'll love your neighbor. And the
Pastor Brent McQuay: guy repeats and he goes, who is.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Who is? Like, he asked the same
Pastor Brent McQuay: question you asked. And that's where. When
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jesus tells the story of the Good
Pastor Brent McQuay: Samaritan. And so basically what he's saying
Pastor Brent McQuay: is, your neighbor is probably not the
Pastor Brent McQuay: person you think of as your neighbor,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but your neighbor is whoever is in
Pastor Brent McQuay: need. And so your neighbor doesn't necessarily
Pastor Brent McQuay: mean the person that lives next to
Pastor Brent McQuay: you, but it could be. It could
Pastor Brent McQuay: be the person that lives next to
Pastor Brent McQuay: you. It could be the person in
Pastor Brent McQuay: the apartment across the hall from you
Pastor Brent McQuay: that you always try and avoid.
Marcus Ivy: Avoid.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, that could be your neighbor, or
Pastor Brent McQuay: it could be a complete stranger on
Pastor Brent McQuay: the bus.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You have no idea where they live,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but they're your neighbor.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. So how do we love people?
Ti'heasha Beasley: You may be a Christian atheist if
Ti'heasha Beasley: you believe in God, but you are
Ti'heasha Beasley: still having sex with someone you aren't
Ti'heasha Beasley: married to. I feel like that's a.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Two folds. Could be. It can cover
Ti'heasha Beasley: fornication and adultery, because.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The Bible is very clear. Sex is
Pastor Brent McQuay: for the person you're married to.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so when you're having sex, when
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're married to one person, having sex
Pastor Brent McQuay: with somebody else, that would be sin.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And if you're not married and you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: having sex with anybody, that would be
Pastor Brent McQuay: sin.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So what about. I'm just gonna say,
Ti'heasha Beasley: what about those having sex with themselves?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Where do they fall?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay. Because I know we live in
Ti'heasha Beasley: a very. People. Well, he said, not
Ti'heasha Beasley: my husband or not my. The person.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I see.
Marcus Ivy: Even the past. It didn't even say
Marcus Ivy: myself.
Ti'heasha Beasley: They try to exclude things.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I mean, you can try and exclude,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but it's. You're having sex with somebody
Pastor Brent McQuay: that you're not married to, you're not
Pastor Brent McQuay: married to yourself.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good. That was good. I never
Ti'heasha Beasley: heard that one.
Pastor Brent McQuay: By. By. By. You said you wanted
Pastor Brent McQuay: to find that, like, loophole in the
Pastor Brent McQuay: language.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay, I like it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: We.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We don't, you know, have no reason
Ti'heasha Beasley: to guess.
Marcus Ivy: Zero.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Zero. All right. You May be a
Ti'heasha Beasley: Christian atheist if you believe in God,
Ti'heasha Beasley: but you decide first. But to decide
Ti'heasha Beasley: first and maybe pray later.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. This one was one of those
Pastor Brent McQuay: where probably more people are guilty of
Pastor Brent McQuay: than. Yeah, than some of the other.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Some of the others are like, way
Pastor Brent McQuay: in your face, like, this is clearly
Pastor Brent McQuay: a sinful action. Why are you doing
Pastor Brent McQuay: it as a Christian? This is one
Pastor Brent McQuay: of those where it's like, well, if
Pastor Brent McQuay: you say you believe in God, why
Pastor Brent McQuay: aren't you going to him?
Marcus Ivy: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, yeah, because when you keep trying
Pastor Brent McQuay: to solve all your problems by yourself
Pastor Brent McQuay: or, you know, you decide, well, I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to figure this thing out and
Pastor Brent McQuay: then maybe I'll talk to God about
Pastor Brent McQuay: it. It's like, no, you're living like
Pastor Brent McQuay: an atheist. Like an atheist would solve
Pastor Brent McQuay: that problem in the same exact way.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So Christian atheist. Pretty accurate.
Marcus Ivy: And it's, you know, habit for me.
Marcus Ivy: Right. I think a lot of people
Marcus Ivy: say, I'm gonna figure things out, and
Marcus Ivy: it's just become habitual. Like, they forget
Marcus Ivy: God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: But, you know, it's just start making
Marcus Ivy: a practice of everything. Small things seek
Marcus Ivy: God first in the small things, you
Marcus Ivy: know, and shopping or whatever the case
Marcus Ivy: may be, seek them at the gas
Marcus Ivy: station. Just seek them, put them in
Marcus Ivy: everything. And then those things, it just
Marcus Ivy: become normal to you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And there's a lot
Pastor Brent McQuay: of times when God may have nothing
Pastor Brent McQuay: to say about it.
Marcus Ivy: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's fine. Then move on forward. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: when you get into the habit of
Pastor Brent McQuay: doing it, then when God is like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you know, actually, I really want you
Pastor Brent McQuay: to do something for me. Right. You're
Pastor Brent McQuay: ready for it. Because you've already gotten
Pastor Brent McQuay: in the habit of going to heaven.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Because I think sometimes there's things that
Pastor Brent McQuay: look obvious to us where it's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: oh, clearly this is from God. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: he's like, no, actually, that. That was
Pastor Brent McQuay: a trap, and I wanted you to
Pastor Brent McQuay: not go that direction.
Marcus Ivy: That came. This actually came up in
Marcus Ivy: our foundations class yesterday. We was talking
Marcus Ivy: about putting God first and letting him,
Marcus Ivy: you know, putting him in every decision.
Marcus Ivy: It was like, you know, like a
Marcus Ivy: husband and wife. Like, I'll go to
Marcus Ivy: the car lot and buy my car
Marcus Ivy: without seeking my wife permission or God,
Marcus Ivy: you know, it's like. And then you
Marcus Ivy: get there and you're in the middle
Marcus Ivy: of making this deal, and it's. It's
Marcus Ivy: haywire, you know, because, like, you didn't
Marcus Ivy: seek God for a car. You. You
Marcus Ivy: may need a car. But he didn't
Marcus Ivy: tell you go by Escalade. He told
Marcus Ivy: you, stay within your budget, stay within
Marcus Ivy: your means, and Stuff like that. And
Marcus Ivy: yeah, so we, we have to see
Marcus Ivy: God on every single thing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. That's good. All right. You may
Ti'heasha Beasley: be a Christian atheist if you believe
Ti'heasha Beasley: in God, but you talk to everyone
Ti'heasha Beasley: about your problems except him. So that's
Ti'heasha Beasley: kind of the same. Same thing, same
Ti'heasha Beasley: category. You believe in God, but you
Ti'heasha Beasley: treat Sundays like a hobby and not
Ti'heasha Beasley: a priority. Yeah. What was that? Like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: why you just slid in, like, we
Ti'heasha Beasley: gonna get them here?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Not so. So that one is probably
Pastor Brent McQuay: directed to the people, like, well, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't need to go to church to
Pastor Brent McQuay: follow Jesus. He's like, but he kind
Pastor Brent McQuay: of told you to. I mean, in
Pastor Brent McQuay: Hebrews it tells us, don't neglect the
Pastor Brent McQuay: gathering together of the believers. Like, there's,
Pastor Brent McQuay: there's, you're supposed to be coming together.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And there's, there's benefits for you, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: there's also, there's such a. This is
Pastor Brent McQuay: what drives me crazy for people. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: well, I'm not gonna go to church.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm just gonna follow Jesus on my
Pastor Brent McQuay: own. That's so selfish.
Marcus Ivy: Yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, just pay attention when you're reading.
Pastor Brent McQuay: If that person is actually reading their
Pastor Brent McQuay: Bible. Pay attention to how many times
Pastor Brent McQuay: in the New Testament were instructed to
Pastor Brent McQuay: something one another?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: One another one another one. It comes
Pastor Brent McQuay: up all the time. How are you
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to do the one another if
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's just you and your house?
Marcus Ivy: Right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's true. Yeah. Well, mic drop.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: And then a lot of. I mean,
Marcus Ivy: we don't realize we have what's in
Marcus Ivy: us. Like, everyone has been given a
Marcus Ivy: gift and you're sitting at home and
Marcus Ivy: somebody needs your gift. Like, you need
Marcus Ivy: to come out and put your gift
Marcus Ivy: on display. And although gift is not
Marcus Ivy: just for the church, but if you're
Marcus Ivy: just sitting at home, it's. It's worthless.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: So.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. And I think isolation is just
Ti'heasha Beasley: a tool of the enemy in general.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: He likes to. So. Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. I love a friend of mine
Pastor Brent McQuay: one, one time said, you know, church
Pastor Brent McQuay: is. Is weird because the only thing
Pastor Brent McQuay: where somebody will be like, I got
Pastor Brent McQuay: offended. I got upset at something that
Pastor Brent McQuay: happened at the church. So I'm never
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to go to church again. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: if that same person was like, man,
Pastor Brent McQuay: this bartender at my favorite bar was
Pastor Brent McQuay: rude to me, you know, so I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: never going to any bars again. No.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, you're just going to pick another
Pastor Brent McQuay: one down. You're still going to go
Pastor Brent McQuay: to the bar. You just, you're just
Pastor Brent McQuay: mad at that bartender. But it's like
Pastor Brent McQuay: something happened to me at church. I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: never going to go to church again.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's like, well, that's just a really
Pastor Brent McQuay: dumb way of living.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That is really weird, actually, because I
Ti'heasha Beasley: feel like we do get offended a
Ti'heasha Beasley: lot outside of the church, but if
Ti'heasha Beasley: it happens in church, it's a rap.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, I wonder why that is.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I got places that I don't go
Pastor Brent McQuay: anymore.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Because of. Of the service that I
Pastor Brent McQuay: got there or something that happened there.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But I'll go to the one in
Pastor Brent McQuay: a different town.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Same thing. Just a different place. Well,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you know, I'm gonna find a place
Pastor Brent McQuay: that fits.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, no, that's a lot. I think
Ti'heasha Beasley: it's because we idolize people, but I'm
Ti'heasha Beasley: gonna keep moving. I don't know why
Ti'heasha Beasley: this word idolization keeps coming up, but
Ti'heasha Beasley: you may be a Christian atheist if
Ti'heasha Beasley: you believe in God, but you abuse
Ti'heasha Beasley: your wife or husband.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Because I think I almost changed the
Pastor Brent McQuay: spouse. But, yeah, I wanted to punch
Pastor Brent McQuay: some husbands in the chest.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Got it. Okay. Yeah. Okay, Enough said.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You may believe in God, but your
Ti'heasha Beasley: obedience only happens when you're comfortable. That
Ti'heasha Beasley: probably hit everybody.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, I mean, Jesus pretty clear. Take
Pastor Brent McQuay: up your cross daily. Like, we don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: do that when it feels good. We
Pastor Brent McQuay: do that when it feels good, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: we do that when it feels bad,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and we do that when it feels
Pastor Brent McQuay: nothing. Like, if your obedience is tied
Pastor Brent McQuay: to your comfort, then you're only really
Pastor Brent McQuay: following yourself. And what you've determined is
Pastor Brent McQuay: that your God is you.
Marcus Ivy: I mean, just look at. Look at
Marcus Ivy: Christ, you know, carrying our. Carrying our
Marcus Ivy: burdens, carrying across the actual him. Carrying
Marcus Ivy: a cross to be hung on, like,
Marcus Ivy: that wasn't comfortable. And, you know, we
Marcus Ivy: get so Just been out of shape
Marcus Ivy: when we got to do something. Look
Marcus Ivy: what he did for us. That wasn't
Marcus Ivy: no type of comfort at all. So
Marcus Ivy: he was obedient. And obedient will get
Marcus Ivy: you past all of that stuff. So,
Marcus Ivy: yeah, be obedient.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. And obedience. I feel like what
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm learning. I'm in the middle of
Ti'heasha Beasley: a. I should have been obedient to
Ti'heasha Beasley: something that God told me to do
Ti'heasha Beasley: at the top of the year. He
Ti'heasha Beasley: told me to study the word. The
Ti'heasha Beasley: word joy. I was like, wait, okay,
Ti'heasha Beasley: like. And not that I disobeyed it,
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, intentionally. I just kind of got
Ti'heasha Beasley: bored with it because, like. And I
Ti'heasha Beasley: really didn't take it as serious as
Ti'heasha Beasley: I should have. But now, yeah. In
Ti'heasha Beasley: a season where joy feels like I'm
Ti'heasha Beasley: grabbing for it, I was like, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: should have.
Marcus Ivy: Wow.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Should have been obedient.
Pastor Brent McQuay: He was trying to set you up.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, he was Trying to. And then
Ti'heasha Beasley: the same podcast I listened to said
Ti'heasha Beasley: that joy is a tool because it's
Ti'heasha Beasley: like strength, like. And so I was
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, my gosh, like, you were really
Ti'heasha Beasley: trying to help me, and I, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: messed myself up. So a lot of
Ti'heasha Beasley: times being disobedient is not just let
Ti'heasha Beasley: me do what God said and, you
Ti'heasha Beasley: know, but it's for your good. It's
Ti'heasha Beasley: for your good. It's. Everything is working
Ti'heasha Beasley: together for your good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The Bible's very clear obedience is better
Pastor Brent McQuay: than sacrifice. And so you want to,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, given the offering and you want
Pastor Brent McQuay: to go on the mission trip, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: you don't want to actually obey on
Pastor Brent McQuay: a daily basis. You can sing the
Pastor Brent McQuay: songs. Sure. It's great worship, great sacrifice.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Where's your obedience?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, you know little things too. Yeah,
Ti'heasha Beasley: right? You may be a Christian atheist
Ti'heasha Beasley: if you believe in God, but you
Ti'heasha Beasley: can't forgive.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, that one was. We just slipped
Pastor Brent McQuay: that one in there. Just because the
Pastor Brent McQuay: Bible is so clear and direct about
Pastor Brent McQuay: forgiveness. But I meet Christians all the
Pastor Brent McQuay: time. That will tell me, well, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: can't forgive that person because of xyz.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's like, I understand. And that, that
Pastor Brent McQuay: becomes such a sticky conversation because, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I recognize somebody doesn't say that willy
Pastor Brent McQuay: nilly, like, not just like off the
Pastor Brent McQuay: cuff. Like, they say that because there
Pastor Brent McQuay: is some deep pain and hurt. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so, like, it's hard to navigate those
Pastor Brent McQuay: moments because it's like, well, yeah, I,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I recognize what that person did to
Pastor Brent McQuay: you. You was awful. But you've got
Pastor Brent McQuay: to find a way to forgive them.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Doesn't mean you give them access to
Pastor Brent McQuay: your life. It doesn't mean that you
Pastor Brent McQuay: bring them over to the house. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: for your say, you need to release
Pastor Brent McQuay: that because if not, it acts as
Pastor Brent McQuay: a poison in your own life, man.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, forgiveness is a tough one for
Pastor Brent McQuay: some Christians.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I get it. But Bible doesn't
Pastor Brent McQuay: say forgive unless they did fill in
Pastor Brent McQuay: the blank.
Marcus Ivy: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It just says, forgive me.
Marcus Ivy: Forgiveness is freeing. I remember I came
Marcus Ivy: to a point in my life where
Marcus Ivy: I had to forgive my mother for
Marcus Ivy: the things, you know, over the years.
Marcus Ivy: And that happened when I was 40
Marcus Ivy: years old. And so in that moment,
Marcus Ivy: it was in the growth track room.
Marcus Ivy: It was a men's night. I've never
Marcus Ivy: felt free in my life that free
Marcus Ivy: in my life just forgiving her. So,
Marcus Ivy: yeah, forgiveness for yourself is definitely, definitely
Marcus Ivy: friend.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You may be a Christian atheist if
Ti'heasha Beasley: you believe in God, but who the
Ti'heasha Beasley: president is takes up more of your
Ti'heasha Beasley: thoughts than who the king is. That
Ti'heasha Beasley: was a true mic drop. So I
Ti'heasha Beasley: Love that you saved it for less.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I saved it for last. And I
Pastor Brent McQuay: phrase it the way I phrase it
Pastor Brent McQuay: because it applies to Republicans and Democrats
Pastor Brent McQuay: equally. Like, if. If who the President
Pastor Brent McQuay: is makes you happy. But that's all
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're talking about, all you're thinking about.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's all you post on social media.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's an issue. If who the president
Pastor Brent McQuay: is makes you furious, but that's all
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're thinking about, that's all you're talking
Pastor Brent McQuay: about. That's all you're posting on social
Pastor Brent McQuay: media. We got a problem.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So it's one of those where it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, if you like him, if you
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't like him, if he becomes more
Pastor Brent McQuay: important in your life than who the
Pastor Brent McQuay: King is, that's a problem.
Marcus Ivy: It's funny, the response. You know, you
Marcus Ivy: could tell who is who by the
Marcus Ivy: response in the room. He was talking
Marcus Ivy: about you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That was the funny thing for me.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, each service, that section got a
Pastor Brent McQuay: lot of response, but it was like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: different ones hit different. Like, it was
Pastor Brent McQuay: like somebody over here was like, ow.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And then somebody over here was like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: oh. It was like. Like, at different
Pastor Brent McQuay: moments, it was. It was interesting.
Marcus Ivy: And it's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: They.
Marcus Ivy: That response for the service I was
Marcus Ivy: in had the most response out of
Marcus Ivy: all 15.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, I think that was true. The
Pastor Brent McQuay: last one got people the most.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's. I mean, it's the most relevant
Ti'heasha Beasley: one right now. One of the most.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Not.
Marcus Ivy: It's a lot going on.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. I think we should rename the
Ti'heasha Beasley: series from Christian Atheist. So you may
Ti'heasha Beasley: not be a disciple.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't know. I kind of like
Pastor Brent McQuay: my. My title of you're actually agnostic,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but you grew up in a Christian
Pastor Brent McQuay: household, so you use the title Christian
Pastor Brent McQuay: as a default. Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. That's a long title, though.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It is. It's such a long title.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But it's like.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's what Craig Rochelle is talking about
Pastor Brent McQuay: when he says Christianity.
Marcus Ivy: The.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's really funny because I did watch
Pastor Brent McQuay: one of his messages and the chat.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, the comments all throughout it were
Pastor Brent McQuay: a bunch of atheists getting mad that
Pastor Brent McQuay: he was using the term. That's not
Pastor Brent McQuay: what that means. And that's. You can't
Pastor Brent McQuay: put those words together. And it's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's the point. Like, you can't put
Pastor Brent McQuay: them together because it doesn't make sense.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right, right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: To say you believe in God. But.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And. But, yeah, all. All throughout the
Pastor Brent McQuay: comments, they're like, that's actually an agnostic.
Pastor Brent McQuay: If you believe in God. Yes, we
Pastor Brent McQuay: know. Know. We know. We were aware.
Marcus Ivy: Thank you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We have a high iq. Well, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: am gonna go ahead and land that
Ti'heasha Beasley: plane, man.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You did our intro. That was like.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You didn't get anything.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It was a, I had my phone.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We were at, we, we were there.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But no, no, no, I mean from.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The sermon, like that. That was our
Pastor Brent McQuay: intro.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That was the intro. But that was
Ti'heasha Beasley: the intro. I feel like these messages
Ti'heasha Beasley: are gonna be so much like. Because
Ti'heasha Beasley: I said I have.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So you don't want to help people
Pastor Brent McQuay: actually know God. You don't care about.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yes, I was going to say about
Pastor Brent McQuay: through the sun.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Go ahead, go ahead.
Marcus Ivy: Clothes again.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm just saying let's do it. Let's,
Ti'heasha Beasley: let's go ahead and do this.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You got things you got to do,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you got place you got to be.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, I just, those were things that
Ti'heasha Beasley: really stuck.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's what you cared about.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I like the intro. No, it was.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So you were done with my sermon.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Ten minutes.
Marcus Ivy: That was it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Man. What are we going to do?
Ti'heasha Beasley: So I was going to say, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: didn't even get to conclude like what
Ti'heasha Beasley: I wanted to say. I was going
Ti'heasha Beasley: to say before we land the plane,
Ti'heasha Beasley: how can we do application and introduce
Ti'heasha Beasley: people to God? So thank you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, so, so that was. So that,
Pastor Brent McQuay: literally that, Sorry, it's hard to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: that guy. But you're used to it
Pastor Brent McQuay: by now.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I am.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm used to it. Yeah. No, so
Pastor Brent McQuay: that literally was the introduction to the
Pastor Brent McQuay: idea of Christian atheists. But we, we
Pastor Brent McQuay: spent a lot of time on Sunday
Pastor Brent McQuay: actually talking about the first cause of
Pastor Brent McQuay: Christian atheism. What, what actually makes somebody
Pastor Brent McQuay: fall into those categories? And so it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: ignorance, it's a lack of trust or
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's a lack of reverence. And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: Carlton's going to talk about that trust
Pastor Brent McQuay: with the Bible next week. Jason's going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to talk about the reverence the week
Pastor Brent McQuay: after. So Sunday was really supposed to
Pastor Brent McQuay: be about maybe I did a poor
Pastor Brent McQuay: job. I don't know.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, you didn't.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Of, of. I believe in God, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't know him.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And for me like that's, that's maybe
Pastor Brent McQuay: the biggest issue because if we don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: actually know God, then we're not actually
Pastor Brent McQuay: following God. And so sometimes we claim
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be a Christian, but when you
Pastor Brent McQuay: start asking questions about, well, who are
Pastor Brent McQuay: you following? Yeah, like it's, it's a
Pastor Brent McQuay: man made definition of God or it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: a, it's a self idle kind of
Pastor Brent McQuay: situation going on. It's like. But that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: not actually what the Bible describes as
Pastor Brent McQuay: God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And God actually wants you to know
Pastor Brent McQuay: him, not just God, but the actual
Pastor Brent McQuay: Father, Son, Holy Spirit, like the triune
Pastor Brent McQuay: God, like who he actually is. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so it's this knowing that becomes so
Pastor Brent McQuay: important. And so in the message, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: know, we broke down in Greek, there's
Pastor Brent McQuay: a ton of different ways you can
Pastor Brent McQuay: say to know something, and it's based
Pastor Brent McQuay: on how you come to that knowledge.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And honestly, I think I came up.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think I came across. There's seven
Pastor Brent McQuay: or eight different ways that you could
Pastor Brent McQuay: actually say that. But we just highlighted
Pastor Brent McQuay: the three that it could be based
Pastor Brent McQuay: on observation, it could be based on
Pastor Brent McQuay: information, or it could be based on
Pastor Brent McQuay: personal experience. And almost every time, especially
Pastor Brent McQuay: every time it talks about knowing God,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's always using the ginosko. It's always
Pastor Brent McQuay: using the personal experience. Like, this is.
Pastor Brent McQuay: This is not about information. This is
Pastor Brent McQuay: not about observations. And we can have
Pastor Brent McQuay: information about God and we can make
Pastor Brent McQuay: observations about God. Just watching the universe,
Pastor Brent McQuay: looking at life. Like you make observations
Pastor Brent McQuay: about God, but that's not enough. You
Pastor Brent McQuay: have to actually have personal experience with
Pastor Brent McQuay: him. You have to know him personally.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good.
Marcus Ivy: I witnessed that in my, you know,
Marcus Ivy: in the beginning of my years. For
Marcus Ivy: a long time. It took a long
Marcus Ivy: time. Like, I was a student of
Marcus Ivy: the Word. I studied and to prepare
Marcus Ivy: to teach.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: And in my preparation, like, that's all
Marcus Ivy: I cared about, was getting the information
Marcus Ivy: out. Like, I was reading God's stats
Marcus Ivy: and Jesus stats, like, you know, you
Marcus Ivy: know, about Jordan, but I wasn't spending
Marcus Ivy: time in getting to know him. I
Marcus Ivy: wasn't spending personal time. And I thought
Marcus Ivy: I was, man, I'm saved. I know
Marcus Ivy: how to do this. I put this
Marcus Ivy: out, but I saw the fruit, the
Marcus Ivy: lack of fruit from it, where it's
Marcus Ivy: like, dude, I was, you know, you
Marcus Ivy: was preparing to teach. Great job. But
Marcus Ivy: what about me and you?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: And so that was, I mean, and
Marcus Ivy: it was years, like where, I mean,
Marcus Ivy: five to eight years when I, where
Marcus Ivy: I was doing it and I saw
Marcus Ivy: where, you know, my faith was getting,
Marcus Ivy: you know, weekend. And I'm like, I'm
Marcus Ivy: teaching. I'm Minister Mark. I'm this. But
Marcus Ivy: I didn't know.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You're talking about God more than talking
Pastor Brent McQuay: to God.
Marcus Ivy: Yeah, Yep.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's so good.
Marcus Ivy: And so, you know, just once I,
Marcus Ivy: you know, got that it was. It's
Marcus Ivy: totally different. And it changed the way
Marcus Ivy: I. How I presented and things like
Marcus Ivy: that prepared. But you gotta, you gotta
Marcus Ivy: know him. You gotta know him. And
Marcus Ivy: reading his stats is not enough.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yep, yep.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, that is so true. And it
Ti'heasha Beasley: takes away that, that what you hear
Ti'heasha Beasley: a lot. Oh, I grew up in
Ti'heasha Beasley: church or, you know, I've always been
Ti'heasha Beasley: around it. And David hates when I
Ti'heasha Beasley: say this, but I. Maybe I shouldn't
Ti'heasha Beasley: say it, but, like, I don't feel
Ti'heasha Beasley: like I really got saved till, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: 2008. And I know that's very recent.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I grew up in church and
Ti'heasha Beasley: I've served in leadership prior to 2018.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But I think it was that moment
Ti'heasha Beasley: when I realized I don't really know
Ti'heasha Beasley: God. I was just doing the things
Ti'heasha Beasley: kind of like he said in Titus
Ti'heasha Beasley: when he was talking to the false
Ti'heasha Beasley: teachers. It was like, you know, how
Ti'heasha Beasley: to live a pure life. You know,
Ti'heasha Beasley: not live, but put on the show
Ti'heasha Beasley: of purity. But you're not really living
Ti'heasha Beasley: what you are saying out of your
Ti'heasha Beasley: mouth. And once I experience God, it
Ti'heasha Beasley: transformed my life. And those are the
Ti'heasha Beasley: times where you feel like I can
Ti'heasha Beasley: never walk away from God because I
Ti'heasha Beasley: experienced Him. And so I think that
Ti'heasha Beasley: is my prayer for people to really
Ti'heasha Beasley: know him in that way.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And that's the beauty of the journey
Pastor Brent McQuay: that we're on. And I try to
Pastor Brent McQuay: hit that at the close of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: message that when we talk about this
Pastor Brent McQuay: is a lifelong journey. Like, you're getting
Pastor Brent McQuay: to know him more and more. Paul
Pastor Brent McQuay: said, you know, I want you to
Pastor Brent McQuay: know God better. Right? And it's this
Pastor Brent McQuay: idea that, like, that's how big God
Pastor Brent McQuay: is. Like, that's how amazing God is
Pastor Brent McQuay: that you get to have a fresh
Pastor Brent McQuay: experience with him every single day that
Pastor Brent McQuay: you can. I've spent 35 years now
Pastor Brent McQuay: following Jesus, and I know him better
Pastor Brent McQuay: today than I ever have. And it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: one of those where it's like, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: better know him better a year from
Pastor Brent McQuay: now than I do right now. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's. That's the journey that we're on.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it's exciting, right? Like, you know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: Paul even talks about, like, we know
Pastor Brent McQuay: in part.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But one day we're gonna know fully.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it's like, man, you can spend.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You could be Paul writing the New
Pastor Brent McQuay: Testament and still be like, yeah, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't know everything about God, man. I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: still learning, I'm still growing. And one
Pastor Brent McQuay: day I'm going to know fully. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like the veil is going to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: pulled away. I'm not going to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: looking in a mirror. I'm going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: actually see him face to face. Come
Pastor Brent McQuay: on.
Marcus Ivy: That's it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. So that's. That's the journey that
Pastor Brent McQuay: we. We all should be on as
Pastor Brent McQuay: true Christians is to know God better.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And we. We need to make sure
Pastor Brent McQuay: that that becomes the focal point, the
Pastor Brent McQuay: priority of our life. Because if it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: not the priority, you're not going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: really know him. And if that's. If
Pastor Brent McQuay: the danger is Jesus saying, depart from
Pastor Brent McQuay: me, I never knew you. Using the
Pastor Brent McQuay: same phrase that he said earlier to.
Pastor Brent McQuay: To denote that if you want eternal
Pastor Brent McQuay: life, you have to know God. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: he uses the same exact word. Like
Pastor Brent McQuay: this. This knowledge, it's personal, it's intimate,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's relational. And so if you just
Pastor Brent McQuay: have a stat sheet, but you don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: really know him, if you're not really
Pastor Brent McQuay: spending time with him. Right. Like, what
Pastor Brent McQuay: are you doing? And so we want
Pastor Brent McQuay: to. We want to get to know
Pastor Brent McQuay: God. That's. That's. If you wanted to
Pastor Brent McQuay: boil down what it means to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: a Christian, it's somebody that's trying to
Pastor Brent McQuay: know God.
Marcus Ivy: I had a friend before I got
Marcus Ivy: saved, and we was. We was drinking
Marcus Ivy: at his house, hanging out, and he
Marcus Ivy: was like, you know, we obviously always
Marcus Ivy: get super deep when you got a
Marcus Ivy: couple libations in you, man. And so
Marcus Ivy: he was like, man, I read the
Marcus Ivy: Bible five times. And I don't know,
Marcus Ivy: I came out of my. I wasn't
Marcus Ivy: drunk or nothing. I just came. I
Marcus Ivy: came to my senses, like, you know,
Marcus Ivy: and I had been hearing about. I
Marcus Ivy: was like, right there. It was like,
Marcus Ivy: maybe less than a year that I
Marcus Ivy: got saved after that. And I was
Marcus Ivy: like, if this dude said he read
Marcus Ivy: the Bible five times and he doing
Marcus Ivy: the same thing I'm doing, why I
Marcus Ivy: want to do that? Like, you know,
Marcus Ivy: my brother kept, you know, talking to
Marcus Ivy: me about Christ, but I'm like, the
Marcus Ivy: same dude say he read the Bible,
Marcus Ivy: the one that you say, you professor
Marcus Ivy: profess. Like, I don't want no parts
Marcus Ivy: of that if we doing the same
Marcus Ivy: thing. So, you know, we have to
Marcus Ivy: be. We have to be careful. And
Marcus Ivy: it goes back to the knowledge he
Marcus Ivy: didn't know God.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: You know, you can do the. The
Marcus Ivy: year plan every year and everything, but
Marcus Ivy: he just.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Words.
Marcus Ivy: Words on a page. Yeah. So thank
Marcus Ivy: God I came to know him.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. That's a lot to unpack. If
Ti'heasha Beasley: you think about it. It's like, very
Ti'heasha Beasley: heavy because we. We don't grow, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: okay. Our kids are privileged to grow
Ti'heasha Beasley: up to hear, like, the truth. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: grew up. And I'm not saying that
Ti'heasha Beasley: the churches I went to were heretical.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Heretical. But I just think we just
Ti'heasha Beasley: were regurgitating what we knew. And it
Ti'heasha Beasley: was all about actually taking that 15
Ti'heasha Beasley: list and say, follow this and that's
Ti'heasha Beasley: it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And not saying, develop a relationship with
Ti'heasha Beasley: Christ. So you don't drink, you don't
Ti'heasha Beasley: smoke, You. You dress modest, you do
Ti'heasha Beasley: this. It's a list. But that was
Ti'heasha Beasley: it. It never. Right. It never was
Ti'heasha Beasley: a continuation of get to know God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So I like how you married the
Ti'heasha Beasley: two together.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. Because the list thing is not
Pastor Brent McQuay: necessarily bad. Like, yes, you should be
Pastor Brent McQuay: avoiding these things. The Bible calls them
Pastor Brent McQuay: sin. So you, you should not do
Pastor Brent McQuay: those. But don't not do them just
Pastor Brent McQuay: because I tell you, don't do. Don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: do them because you're in relationship with
Pastor Brent McQuay: God and he's telling you, don't do
Pastor Brent McQuay: these things. It's like, oh, but in
Pastor Brent McQuay: this relationship, like, I don't want. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't want to do things that are
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to hurt my wife. Like, I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: in a relationship with her. Why would
Pastor Brent McQuay: I intentionally do something that's going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: damage that relationship? Right, Right. And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: there's some things that I won't do
Pastor Brent McQuay: in the marriage that it's. It's not
Pastor Brent McQuay: about checking off a to do list
Pastor Brent McQuay: or a don't do list. It's about,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I want to honor her, I want
Pastor Brent McQuay: to love her. And so it's the
Pastor Brent McQuay: same thing with God. Like, there's things
Pastor Brent McQuay: that we do and there's things that
Pastor Brent McQuay: we don't do, but it's out of
Pastor Brent McQuay: relationship. It's not in order to, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: check a box or prove ourselves or
Pastor Brent McQuay: to get into heaven. Right. It's that
Pastor Brent McQuay: whole carpet for the horse thing. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: we, we don't do the. We don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: live like a Christian in order to
Pastor Brent McQuay: be saved, but because we're saved, we're
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to live like the Bible tells
Pastor Brent McQuay: us to live.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And when we get it wrong, we're
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to repent. And I mean, that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: part of the process. Like, none of
Pastor Brent McQuay: this is saying, like, if you're hearing
Pastor Brent McQuay: this message and you're like, well, so
Pastor Brent McQuay: you have to be perfect to really
Pastor Brent McQuay: be a Christian.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No, like, that's not what we're saying
Pastor Brent McQuay: at all. But you do need to
Pastor Brent McQuay: be following Jesus, and when he tells
Pastor Brent McQuay: you to stop doing something, you go,
Pastor Brent McQuay: okay, I'm gonna stop doing that thing.
Marcus Ivy: And I think we have to be
Marcus Ivy: careful, too. Now, thinking about all of
Marcus Ivy: this, is that how we, you know,
Marcus Ivy: we're called to be one and make
Marcus Ivy: one, but how we disciple people, how
Marcus Ivy: we bring a new believer on to
Marcus Ivy: Christ. Right. For years is okay, now
Marcus Ivy: you're saved. Now I'm gonna show you
Marcus Ivy: what not to do.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Right.
Marcus Ivy: I'm gonna take you straight to the
Marcus Ivy: list of do's and don'ts.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's so true.
Marcus Ivy: Instead of now, I think, you know,
Marcus Ivy: as believers, once we get someone who
Marcus Ivy: comes out in as a believer, it
Marcus Ivy: should be, I'm going to teach you
Marcus Ivy: how to follow God, how to know
Marcus Ivy: God. And I think that'll change, that'll
Marcus Ivy: strengthen the foundation of the Christianity. Because,
Marcus Ivy: you know, growing up, we did see
Marcus Ivy: these. Don't do this. Don't do what
Marcus Ivy: Auntie Cheryl did, you know, don't do
Marcus Ivy: this or don't do this. And our
Marcus Ivy: focus has been. Has been out of
Marcus Ivy: whack so all over the land. Not
Marcus Ivy: just because we're a disciples church, but
Marcus Ivy: everyone who called on the name of
Marcus Ivy: the Lord Jesus Christ. Once you come
Marcus Ivy: into that, we should teach people how
Marcus Ivy: to know Christ.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Marcus Ivy: And all that other stuff, it'll come.
Marcus Ivy: All the other stuff, it'll come. It'll
Marcus Ivy: fall off, you know. You know, however
Marcus Ivy: it may be.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And that's why, I mean, you hear
Ti'heasha Beasley: a lot of people turning away from
Ti'heasha Beasley: the faith and it's because they are
Ti'heasha Beasley: being discipled in a way of check
Ti'heasha Beasley: this list off. And then they realize
Ti'heasha Beasley: or they have this moment where they're
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, well, I'm never going to be
Ti'heasha Beasley: perfect. I'm never going to be able
Ti'heasha Beasley: to hold, withhold this. So I don't
Ti'heasha Beasley: even want to have nothing to do
Ti'heasha Beasley: with God at all.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Which is funny because Bible tells us
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's the point of the law. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: to show you you can't do it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. Like, here's the list of things
Pastor Brent McQuay: that you have to do in order
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be saved. By the way, you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: not gonna be.
Marcus Ivy: Able to do this.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's. That's the Bible's message. Right. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so instead, Christ is going to complete
Pastor Brent McQuay: that list for you. And if you
Pastor Brent McQuay: will just find yourself in Christ. Yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're good.
Marcus Ivy: Good.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. So it's. It.
Marcus Ivy: It.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I highly recommend listening to the message.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think it was. I think it
Pastor Brent McQuay: was an important one and I know
Pastor Brent McQuay: I preached it and so that might
Pastor Brent McQuay: be a little bit weird, but it
Pastor Brent McQuay: is.
Marcus Ivy: It was definitely.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I agree, I agree with you. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: think it rocked a lot of us.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And it was a good alignment, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: realignment message. As we conclude this fourth
Ti'heasha Beasley: quarter, let's not go into 2026. Right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Raggedy. I don't even know how to
Ti'heasha Beasley: say it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Anyway. Raggedy ratchet. Raggedy whatever. And an
Ti'heasha Beasley: atheist. All right, well, let's play that
Ti'heasha Beasley: plane as I cannot speak this morning,
Ti'heasha Beasley: but what's one takeaway you want to
Ti'heasha Beasley: leave with people as we go into
Ti'heasha Beasley: the next series. The next part of
Ti'heasha Beasley: the series, man.
Marcus Ivy: No God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No God.
Pastor Brent McQuay: There you go.
Marcus Ivy: No God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Very simple.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's.
Marcus Ivy: It's real simple, really. It's not about
Marcus Ivy: checklists and do's and don'ts. No one's
Marcus Ivy: perfect. No God.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, Yeah. I like. I like James
Pastor Brent McQuay: and Jeremiah that I used towards the
Pastor Brent McQuay: end of the message. So James says
Pastor Brent McQuay: to draw near to God, he'll draw
Pastor Brent McQuay: near to you. Jeremiah says, when you
Pastor Brent McQuay: seek me with all your heart, you'll
Pastor Brent McQuay: find me. And so I think there's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just this message. So that's Old Testament
Pastor Brent McQuay: all the way through to New Testament,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're getting the same message that God's
Pastor Brent McQuay: not playing hide and seek. Like, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: want to find God, you're gonna find
Pastor Brent McQuay: him because he wants to be found.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so if you want to know
Pastor Brent McQuay: God. Awesome. Because he wants you to
Pastor Brent McQuay: know him too.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so we're going to do some
Pastor Brent McQuay: things. Yes. In order to draw near
Pastor Brent McQuay: to Him. And so make sure you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: doing those things. Make sure that every
Pastor Brent McQuay: day you've set aside time to make
Pastor Brent McQuay: it the priority. Right. I made the
Pastor Brent McQuay: joke of, like, it seems like in
Pastor Brent McQuay: order to actually know God, you have
Pastor Brent McQuay: to make him the priority of your
Pastor Brent McQuay: life. It's going to take a lot
Pastor Brent McQuay: of time. And it only seems that
Pastor Brent McQuay: way because it is that way. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's just the reality of it. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: knowing God takes time.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I got 35 years of experience knowing
Pastor Brent McQuay: God and guess what? It's it. I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: still learning, I'm still growing. You will
Pastor Brent McQuay: too. You're going to spend the rest
Pastor Brent McQuay: of your life from this moment on
Pastor Brent McQuay: trying to know God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's fun. It's exciting.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It is. I like that. Getting to
Ti'heasha Beasley: know people. Never get bored. Bored or
Ti'heasha Beasley: old. Okay, I'm gonna stop talking because
Ti'heasha Beasley: clearly it's time for me to wrap
Ti'heasha Beasley: up. It's clearly time for me to
Ti'heasha Beasley: wrap this up. So my takeaway would
Ti'heasha Beasley: be, relationship with God is important. It's
Ti'heasha Beasley: not about, you know, your works and
Ti'heasha Beasley: the things that you do. This list
Ti'heasha Beasley: is an encouragement to kind of help
Ti'heasha Beasley: you realign. But the true thing I
Ti'heasha Beasley: think Pastor Brent was saying and encouraging
Ti'heasha Beasley: us to do is to build relationship
Ti'heasha Beasley: with Christ. And so that is something
Ti'heasha Beasley: I will also encourage you to do.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like it is. It is amazing to
Ti'heasha Beasley: have Jesus as your friend. I. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: like to call him my bff. And
Ti'heasha Beasley: I think it's true. He is. He
Ti'heasha Beasley: cares about you. He sees you, is
Ti'heasha Beasley: concerned with you. And a lot of
Ti'heasha Beasley: the things he lay out is for
Ti'heasha Beasley: your good. So develop that true relationship
Ti'heasha Beasley: with him. And I think you'll be
Ti'heasha Beasley: good. You'll be good. And so we
Ti'heasha Beasley: hope you enjoyed this message. Go back
Ti'heasha Beasley: and listen to the full sermon. It
Ti'heasha Beasley: was. It was fire. I'll give you
Ti'heasha Beasley: that. And it's a good way to
Ti'heasha Beasley: start off this Christian atheist series. So
Ti'heasha Beasley: just keep tuning in. I feel like
Ti'heasha Beasley: it's gonna keep getting more and more
Ti'heasha Beasley: spicier. I think this was. If this
Ti'heasha Beasley: was spicy, it's gonna be flaming hot.
Ti'heasha Beasley: By.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Especially that third week, just knowing Jason's
Pastor Brent McQuay: personality and the topic I gave him,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like. Like, here you go, Jason.
Ti'heasha Beasley: A great combination, man. So let's be
Ti'heasha Beasley: here for it. And until next week,
Ti'heasha Beasley: we love you and God bless.